Update internationalization process with complete updated example. (#13909)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/i18n/README.md

# Internationalization (i18n)

Internationalization utilities for client-side localization. See [How to Internationalize Your Plugin](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/internationalization/how-to-internationalize-your-plugin/) for server-side documentation.

> For a complete example, see the [Internationalization section of the Gutenberg Handbook](https://wordpress.org/gutenberg/handbook/designers-developers/developers/internationalization.md).

Reviewer: Can we just point to this URL only instead of duplicating documentation here?

Also, it's just `https://wordpress.org/gutenberg/handbook/designers-developers/developers/internationalization` without `.md` at the end.

Author: I removed the duplicate documentation and added a link back. 👍

// 4 hats
```

## Build and Usage

> You can use the [wp-cli utility](https://wp-cli.org/) to generate a `.pot` file containing all your localized strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [WP-CLI](https://wp-cli.org/) to generate a `.pot` file containing all your translatable strings.
```

```sh
wp i18n make-pot ./src myplugin.pot
```

> Use the [po2json](https://github.com/mikeedwards/po2json) npm module to convert a po file to the proper Jed json format.

Reviewer: Same reservations here about recommending po2json instead of WP-CLI.

Author: Ticket opened here #14093
